we're doing the gravelord nito bossfight
have a divine weapon equipped as your
secondary melee weapon and kill these
first like just stay in this back area
you do not want to leave this back
corner because there are some very large
of the two-handed I guess is the best
way to put it
two-handed sword large skeletons and
this on the far end and you do not want
to a grown them but the small skeletons
that do continually respond if you do
not kill them with a divine weapon will
keep respawning um so for some reason
like that third mini skeleton got stuck
right there
the grave ler needles he's kind of a
tough bot boss to hit most of the bosses
their slowness is their weakness and you
can easily just get behind them but this
one or gravelord nito you can't really
hit them in the back you have to hit
them right in the front and all those
skeletons which is odd um
can be kind of strange you can also
block most of it of his attacks other
than his kind of barf attack and he
doesn't do what ton of damage either so
it's not like you won't have
opportunities to
use health packs and stuff or health
packs Estus flasks so just keep chopping
away at the front of them blocking his
attacks and he's not too hard of a boss
honestly but like I said before the this
is almost like a large oval arena and
you do not want to go to that far side
like just stay in this back corner
because you do not want to piss off
those really tall stupid two-hand sword
skeletons
yeah kind of avoid his I mean it's he's
so slow it's hardly a challenge other
than his little barf attack and I'm
about to get smoked by
anyway so that's a great board you know
you